Feat: Dynamic Content release note (#1238)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/2024-06-19-faststore-dynamic-content.md

---
title: "FastStore: Customize your home and landing pages with Dynamic Content"
slug: "2024-06-19-faststore-dynamic-content"
hidden: false
type: "added"
createdAt: "2024-06-14T12:04:00.219Z"
excerpt: "FastStore: Customize your store home and landing pages with server-side data to improve store performance and SEO."
---

> [Dynamic Content](LINK) is a new FastStore feature that allows you to customize your store home and landing pages using server-side data fetching. This means the content on these pages can be dynamically retrieved from the server, improving both performance and SEO.

Reviewer: 🎗️  just a reminder to update the link

> [Dynamic Content](LINK) is a new FastStore feature that allows you to customize your store home and landing pages using server-side data fetching. This means the content on these pages can be dynamically retrieved from the server, improving both performance and SEO.

Author: ```suggestion
[Dynamic Content](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/dynamic-content-overview) is a new FastStore feature that allows you to customize your store home and landing pages using server-side data fetching. This means the content on these pages can be dynamically retrieved from the server, improving both performance and SEO.
```

> ## What changed?

Author: ```suggestion
## What has changed?
```
